Let's see.
Uh-oh.
Oh.
- Oh.
Teddy, you see this?
Come closer to see,
it is really good.
Teddy.
They're good.
Yeah.
Hmm?
Come on.
That's what I want.
Whew!
All right.
Come on.
Come on, Teddy.
Come on, Teddy, jump.
Come on.
Go on, this way.
Hey, here.
Come on.
What?
Wait. What?
Teddy, uh, come here.
Oh.
Whew!
Ewe! Whew.
Ah.
MAN: Good morning, sir.
Good morning, madam.
What appall.
MAN: Here, here,
can we--what--
Ooh, what--oh, excuse me.
MR. BEAN: Bye-bye, Teddy.
Oh, dear.
Oh, please.
Oh, thank you.
MR. BEAN: Thank you.
MAN: It looks really old.
All right. Oh.
Bye.
Yeah, bye indeed.
Morning.
Hmm.
Teddy.
Oh.
What is it?
Oh, no.
Hold it.
What's this?
Not in my shirt.
I have my car, but house.
No.
It's-- no.
Oh.
Nothing. Nothing.
Right. Let's see.
Yes.
Here we go.
Oh, hmm.
Not that one, I believe.
Let's see if something
is in here.
Here we go.
Ah.
Where did it go?
What
But this...
I should've seen it.
Look.
Oh.
Hey, hey.
Ta-dah.
Oh.
Awesome.
Come on.
Yeah!
Very good.
Go on.
That's it.
Yay.
Oh, yes.
Oh.
Hmm.
Hmm, it wasn't bad.
There you go.
Yay.
Higher.
Yeah.
How about this thing?
Well, let's go.
Fetch it.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Stay there.
Right.
Go.
Oh.
Right.
Yeah, you're good?
Good night.
Oh.
Dear, oh, dear.
The late nights
are killing me.
Oh, all right, oh,
what's happening there?
Oh, forgotten about you.
Right.
Let me deal with you now.
Here you go.
Oh.
Dear, oh, dear.
Oh, no.
Where has it gone?
No, where has it gone?
Hello?
Is it here?
Oh.
Oh, this is where you are.
Come on now.
Hmm?
What do you?
Oh,
you want to go over there.
Huh?
Oh, what?
Get away, you.
Shoo. Shoo, shoo,
shoo, shoo.
Hmm. Oh.
Oh.
Yeah.
Where are you?
Hmm, what's that?
Oh, no, no.
Hold that there.
Score. Argh!
Aye, look at that.
Oh, my goodness,
you're a beauty.
On the hook there.
Oh. Whew!
Oh.
So there you are.
Ugh.
If you insist.
I'm in.
Enjoy your trip.
Okay.
Oh. Woo.
MR. BEAN: Oh.